Hey guys.
In our next module will cover transform transition and animation properties along with their supplementary
properties in the CSF while these are definitely important topics.
I'll try to keep example short and sweet since I think it is more important to spend time working with
these particular properties in our projects where we can get a better understanding.
How can they be used in the real world situations.
Briefly transform property apply some type of transformation to the element B translational along X
axes or y axis rotation scaling or skewing transition property on the other hand is in charge of making
state changes occurring over some period of time.
So let's say we hover over the button and the background color of the button changes with transition
property we can control how long that stage change will occur.
Animation property is very similar to the transition with major difference being that we are not limited
to just two points beginning and the end of the chain animation gives us many extra points where we
can control how the change from one state to another takes place.